foundry-mcp/README.md, before:

# Foundry MCP Module

Minimal client-only Foundry VTT module that connects to the MCP proxy and imports JSON payloads into Foundry documents.

## Settings
- **Runner URL**: Base URL of the runner (e.g., `https://your-app.up.railway.app`).
- **Runner Token**: Shared secret sent in `X-Foundry-Runner-Token`.

## Prompt Panel
Open **Prompt Panel** from module settings to send a prompt to the runner. The response and JSON payload will display in the panel and can be imported directly.

## Import Payload Schema (MVP)
Paste JSON into the Import dialog using the following shapes.

### Single document
```json
{
  "document": {
    "type": "JournalEntry",
    "data": {
      "name": "MCP Journal",
      "content": "<p>Hello from Codex.</p>"
    }
  }
}
```

### Multiple documents
```json
{
  "documents": [
    {
      "type": "Item",
      "data": { "name": "MCP Potion", "type": "consumable" }
    },
    {
      "type": "JournalEntry",
      "data": { "name": "MCP Notes", "content": "<p>Notes...</p>" }
    }
  ]
}
```

### Create compendium then add documents
```json
{
  "compendiums": [
    {
      "name": "mcp-items",
      "label": "MCP Items",
      "type": "Item",
      "package": "world"
    }
  ],
  "documents": [
    {
      "type": "Item",
      "pack": "world.mcp-items",
      "data": { "name": "MCP Sword", "type": "weapon" }
    }
  ]
}
```

## Notes
- `type` should match Foundry document types (e.g., `JournalEntry`, `Item`, `Actor`, `Scene`).
- `data` should match the document schema for that type.
- `pack` must be the full pack key (e.g., `world.mcp-items`).

Commit message:

Add local MCP tunnel helper

foundry-mcp/README.md, after:

# Foundry MCP Module

Minimal client-only Foundry VTT module that connects to the MCP proxy and imports JSON payloads into Foundry documents.

## Settings
- **Runner URL**: Base URL of the runner (e.g., `https://your-app.up.railway.app`).
- **Runner Token**: Shared secret sent in `X-Foundry-Runner-Token`.

## Prompt Panel
Open **Prompt Panel** from module settings to send a prompt to the runner. The response and JSON payload will display in the panel and can be imported directly.

## Local MCP + Tunnel (Forge)
If your MCP server runs locally, use a tunnel to expose it to Forge:

1. Run MCP on `localhost:8787`.
2. Start a Cloudflare tunnel: `./scripts/start-tunnel.sh`
3. Paste the tunnel URL into **Runner URL**.
4. Use your MCP token as **Runner Token** (sent in `X-Foundry-Runner-Token`).

## Import Payload Schema (MVP)
Paste JSON into the Import dialog using the following shapes.

### Single document
```json
{
  "document": {
    "type": "JournalEntry",
    "data": {
      "name": "MCP Journal",
      "content": "<p>Hello from Codex.</p>"
    }
  }
}
```

### Multiple documents
```json
{
  "documents": [
    {
      "type": "Item",
      "data": { "name": "MCP Potion", "type": "consumable" }
    },
    {
      "type": "JournalEntry",
      "data": { "name": "MCP Notes", "content": "<p>Notes...</p>" }
    }
  ]
}
```

### Create compendium then add documents
```json
{
  "compendiums": [
    {
      "name": "mcp-items",
      "label": "MCP Items",
      "type": "Item",
      "package": "world"
    }
  ],
  "documents": [
    {
      "type": "Item",
      "pack": "world.mcp-items",
      "data": { "name": "MCP Sword", "type": "weapon" }
    }
  ]
}
```

## Notes
- `type` should match Foundry document types (e.g., `JournalEntry`, `Item`, `Actor`, `Scene`).
- `data` should match the document schema for that type.
- `pack` must be the full pack key (e.g., `world.mcp-items`).
